Version Control ===============We use git for the code version control.The server is a self-hosted gitlab version available on [gitlab](https://gitlab.com).Locally you can use the git client you prefer, Some recommended git client: GitKraken, SourceTree, TortoiseGit > Note that we are using the GitflowGitflow-------> The following is the gitflow described by Atlassian and designed by Vincent Driessen. Gitflow Workflow is a Git workflow that defines a strict branching model designed around the project release. This provides a robust framework for managing larger projects. ### Basic principles ###Instead of a single `master` branch, this workflow uses two branches to record the history of the project.* `master`: The master branch stores the official release history, it will be related to the production environment.* `develop`: The develop branch serves as an integration branch for features, it will be related to the development environment.### Feature Branches ###Each new feature should reside in its own branch, which can be pushed to the central repository for backup/collaboration. But, instead of branching off of `master`, `feature` branches use `develop` as their parent branch. When a feature is complete, it gets merged back into `develop`. > Features should never interact directly with `master`.### Release Branches ###Once develop has acquired enough features for a `release` (or a predetermined release date is approaching), you fork a `release` branch off of `develop`. Creating this branch starts the next release cycle, so no new features can be added after this point - **only bug fixes**, _documentation generation_, and other _release-oriented tasks_ should go in this branch. Once it's ready to ship, the `release` branch gets merged into `master` and **tagged with a version number**. In addition, it should be merged back into `develop`, which may have progressed since the release was initiated.### Hotfix Branches ###Maintenance or `hotfix` branches are used to quickly patch production releases.Hotfix branches are a lot like `release` and `feature` branches except they're based on `master` instead of `develop`. > This is the only branch that should fork directly off of `master`. As soon as the fix is complete, it should be merged into both `master` and `develop` (or the current `release` branch), and `master` should be **tagged with an updated version number**.Naming Convention-----------------### Commits ###Commit messages serve at least to speed up the reviewing process, help write a release note and find out why a particular change was made to the code.Write the summary line and description of _what you have done_ in the **imperative mode**, that is as if you were commanding someone.Start the line with:* Add* Update* Upgrade* Remove* Fix* Refactor* Setup> Example: `Fix issue #123`### Branches ###Branches name should be very short (12 characters).Branches `feature` should be named like `feature\identify` where : **identify** is the id of the task in the project management tool (jira, redmine ...)> Example: `feature\180`Branches `release` should be named like `release\version`> Example: `release\1.2.0`Branches `hotfix` should be named like `hotfix\version`> Example: `hotfix\1.2.2`### Tags ###After each merge of branches `release` and `hotfix` into both `develop` and `master`, a tag must be created with the name of the current version.> Example: `1.1.2` or `1.0.0`